Add example for SOCKS proxy chaining (#573)
elazarl/goproxy: examples/cascadeproxy-socks/README.md

# CascadeSocksProxy

`CascadeSocksProxy` is an example that shows an aggregator server that forwards
the requests to another socks proxy server. This example is written base on `cascadeproxy` example.

Diagram:
```
client --> goproxy --> socks5 proxy --> internet
```

This example starts a HTTP/HTTPS proxy using goproxy that listens on port `8080`, and forward the requests to the socks5 proxy on `socks5://localhost:1080`.

> 

Reviewer: Can you mention the fact that we do MITM to use the SOCKS proxy and that the proxy forwarding is impemented by the Go standard library?

> Its use MITM to forward the HTTP/HTTPS requests to socks5 proxy with Go standard library `net/http`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses MITM (Man in the Middle) proxy mode to retriece and parse the request, and then forwards it to the destination using  the socks5 proxy client implemented in the standard Go `net/http` library. 
```
